I enjoy spending time with my child.
My child tells me about his/her day at school.
It is important for a child to follow family rules.
My child and I go on outings together.
Our family eats together at the dinner table.
My child likes to talk to me.
I know what my child is thinking.
I make good parenting decisions.
I insist that my child follow the rules of the house.
My child and I play games together.
My child is hard for me to handle.
My child’s school meets his/her educational needs.
I am scared of making mistakes in decisions about my child.
I feel overwhelmed being a parent.
I know how my child will react in most situations.
I teach my child new things.
My child tests my limits.
My child’s school is run well.
I feel close to my child.
My child tells me, “I love you”.
My child knows the house rules.
I feel like parenting is harder than it should be.
My child is getting a good education at school.
I know when my child will become upset.
I punish my child so he/she learns the proper respect for others.
I talk to my child’s teacher(s).
Children should do what parents tell them to do.
My child tells me about his/her problems.
Teachers seem to understand my child’s needs.
I am able to make my child smile.
I respond immediately to my child’s misbehavior.
During the last year, my child has been difficult to take care of.
I am happy with the services my child’s school offers.
When my child is upset, I can calm him/her.
My child’s opinions are important to me.
When upset, my child comes to me for comfort.
My child tells me about the things that he/she is doing with friends.
My child and I plan things to do together.
I am confident in my parenting ability.
My child’s school meets his/her emotional needs.
I feel close to my child emotionally.
My child frustrates me.
I punish my child if he/she shows disrespect to an adult.
I know when my child wants to be left alone.
My child and I work on projects together.
I allow my child to use the internet without supervision.
I spend my free time helping my child do things.
I set limits with my child for acceptable behavior.
I lose my patience with my child.
My child’s school does a good job of controlling its students.
I tell my child, “I love you”.
My child enjoys spending time with me.
I remain calm when dealing with my child’s misbehavior.
I can sense my child’s moods.
My child and I do things together outdoors.
I am good at balancing my parenting role with my other responsibilities.
I listen to what my child has to say.
My child and I argue.
The classes offered by my child’s school meet his/her needs.
I feel others know my child better than I do.
I punish my child when he/she misbehaves.
I teach my child how to play new games.
I am proud of my relationship with my child.
I know what to say to calm down my child.
I overreact when my child misbehaves.
My child tells me about activities at school.
My child and I get into heated discussions.
My child tells me who his/her friends are.
My child complains about how I treat him/her.
I am in control of my household.
My child makes me angry.
I am a good parent to my child.
I have confidence in my child’s school principal.
My child does not listen to me.
My child and I take walks together.
I have the energy I need to cope with my child.
My child’s school seems to spend its money wisely.
I lose my temper with my child.
The responsibility of being a parent seems like too much for me.
My child is honest with me.
I regret how I treat my child.
I know what my child is feeling.
It is my responsibility as a parent to punish all of my child’s misbehavior.
Being a parent scares me.
My child tells me what he/she has learned that day.
I react the wrong way to my child’s behavior.
I know all my child’s close friends.
