When my child wants something, my child usually keeps trying to get it.
My child is so active that it exhausts me.
My child appears disorganized and is easily distracted.
Compared to most, my child has more difficulty concentrating and paying attention.
My child will often stay occupied with a toy for more than 10 minutes.
My child wanders away much more than I expected.
My child is much more active than I expected.
My child squirms and kicks a great deal when being dressed or bathed.
My child is easily distracted, and it is a problem for me.
My child rarely does things for me that make me feel good.
Most times I feel that my child likes me and wants to be close to me.
When I do things for my child, I get the feeling that my efforts are not appreciated very much.
My child smiles at me much less than I expected.
Sometimes I feel my child doesn't like me and doesn't want to be close to me.
Which statement best describes your child? Choose a response from the choices below: 1. almost always likes to play with me, 2. sometimes likes to play with me, 3. usually doesn't like to play with me, 4. almost never likes to play with me.
My child cries and fusses: 1. much less than I had expected, 2. less than I expected, 3. about as much as I expected, 4. much more than I expected, 5. it seems almost constant.
My child seems to cry or fuss more often than most children.
My child is very emotional and gets upset easily.
My child generally wakes up in a bad mood.
I feel that my child is very moody and easily upset.
My child looks a little different than I expected, and it bothers me at times.
In some areas, my child seems to have forgotten past learning and has gone back to doing things characteristic of younger children.
My child doesn't seem to learn as quickly as most children.
My child doesn't seem to smile as much as most children.
Compared to the average child, my child has a great deal of difficulty in getting used to changes in schedules or changes around the house.
My child is not able to do as much as I expected.
It bothers me that my child does not like to be cuddled or touched very much.
I often have doubts about my ability to handle being a parent.
Being a parent is harder than I thought it would be.
I feel capable and on top of things when I am caring for my child.
My child is always hanging on me.
My child reacts very strongly when something happens that my child doesn't like.
Leaving my child with a babysitter is usually a problem.
When playing, my child doesn't often giggle or laugh.
My child easily notices and overreacts to loud sounds and bright lights.
My child's sleeping or eating schedule was much harder to establish than I expected.
My child usually avoids a new toy for a while before beginning to play with it.
It takes a long time and it is very hard for my child to get used to new things.
My hcild doesn't seem comfortable when meeting strangers.
When upset, my child is: 1. easy to calm down, 2. harder to calm down than I expected, 3. very difficult to calm down, 4. nothing I do helps to calm my child.
I have found that getting my child to do something or stop doing something is: 1. much harder than I expected, 2. somewhat harder than I expected, 3. about as hard as I expected, 4. somewhat easier than I expected, 5. much easier than I expected.
Think carefully and count the number of things which your child does that bothers you. For example, dawdles, refuses to listen, overactive, cries, interrupts, fights, whines, etc.: 1. 1-3, 2. 4-5, 3. 6-7, 4. 8-9, 5. 10+.
My child cries often, and it bothers me.
There are some things my child does that really bother me a lot.
My child has had more health problems than I expected.
As my child has grown older and become more independent, I find myself more worried that my child will get hurt or into trouble.
My child's behavior is more of a problem than I expected.
My child seems to be much harder to care for than most.
My child does a few things which bother me a great deal.
My child makes more demands on me than most children.
I can't make decisions without help.
I have had many more problems raising children than I expected.
How easy is it for you to understand your child's wants or needs? 1. very easy, 2. easy, 3. somewhat difficult, 4. it is very hard, 5. I usually can't figure out what the problem is.
I feel that I am successful most of the time when I try to get my child to do or not do something.
Since I brought my last child home from the hospital, I find that I am not able to take care of this child as well as I thought I could. I need help.
I often have the feeling that I cannot handle things very well.
When I think about myself as a parent, I believe: 1. I can handle anything that happens, 2. I can handle most things pretty well, 3. sometimes I have doubts, but find that I handle most things without any problems, 4. I have some doubts about being able to handle things, 5. I don't think I handle things very well at all.
I feel that I am: 1. a very good parent, 2. a better-than-average parent, 3. an average parent, 4. a person who has some trouble being a parent, 5. not very good at being a parent.
What are the highest levels in school or college that you and the child's father/mother have completed? For mother, 1. 1st to 8th grade, 2. 9th to 12th grade, 3. vocational or some college, 4. college graduate, 5. graduate or professional school.
What are the highest levels in school or college that you and the child's father/mother have completed? For father, 1. 1st to 8th grade, 2. 9th to 12th grade, 3. vocational or some college, 4. college graduate, 5. graduate or professional school.
I enjoy being a parent.
It takes a long time for parents to develop close, warm feelings for their children.
I expected to have closer and warmer feelings for my child than I do, and this bothers me.
Sometimes my child does things that bother me just to be mean.
I often feel guilty about the way I feel toward my child.
My child and I are not as close as I would like.
The number of children that I have now is too many.
Most of my life is spent doing things for my child.
I find myself giving up more of my life to meet my children's needs than I ever expected.
I feel trapped by my responsibilities as a parent.
I often feel that my child's needs control my life.
Since having this child, I have been unable to do new and different things.
Since having a child, I feel that I am almost never able to do things that I like to do.
It is hard to find a place in our home where I can go to be by myself.
When I think about the kind of parent I am, I often feel guilty or bad about myself.
I am unhappy with the last purchase of clothing I made for myself.
When my child misbehaves or fusses too much, I feel responsible, as if I didn't do something right.
I feel every time my child does something wrong, it is really my fault.
I often feel depressed and do not have the energy to handle my parenting responsibilities.
There are quite a few things that bother me about my life.
I felt sadder and more depressed than I expected after leaving the hospital with my baby.
I wind up feeling guilty when I get angry at my child, and this bothers me.
After my child had been home from the hospital for about a month, I noticed that I was feeling more sad and depressed than I had expected.
Since having my child, my spouse/parenting partner has not given me as much help and support as I expected.
Having a child has caused more problems than I expected in my relationship with my spouse/parenting partner.
Since having a child, my spouse/parenting partner and I don't do as many things together.
Since having a child, my spouse/parenting partner and I don't spend as much time together as a family as I had expected.
Since having my last child, I have less interest in sex with my spouse/parenting partner.
My spouse/parenting partner and I have a lot of conflict over how to raise our child.
The financial cost of having our child has created problems between me and my spouse/parenting partner.
I feel alone and without friends.
When I go to a party, I usually expect not to enjoy myself.
I am not as interested in people as I used to be.
I often have the feeling that other people my own age don't particularly like my company.
When I run into a problem taking care of my children, I have a lot of people to whom I can talk to get help or advice.
Since having children, I have a lot fewer chances to see my friends and to make new friends.
During the past six months, I have been sicker than usual or have had more aches and pains than I normally do.
Physically, I feel good most of the time.
I have problems sleeping, and I often feel tired during the day.
I don't enjoy things as I used to.
Since I had my child, I have often been sick.
During the last 12 months, have any of the following events occurred in your immediate family? Divorce.
During the last 12 months, have any of the following events occurred in your immediate family? Marital reconciliation. 
During the last 12 months, have any of the following events occurred in your immediate family? Marriage.
During the last 12 months, have any of the following events occurred in your immediate family? Separation.
During the last 12 months, have any of the following events occurred in your immediate family? Pregnancy.
During the last 12 months, have any of the following events occurred in your immediate family? Other relative moved into household.
During the last 12 months, have any of the following events occurred in your immediate family? Income increased substantially (20% or more).
During the last 12 months, have any of the following events occurred in your immediate family? Went deeply into debt.
During the last 12 months, have any of the following events occurred in your immediate family? Moved to a new location.
During the last 12 months, have any of the following events occurred in your immediate family? Promotion at work.
During the last 12 months, have any of the following events occurred in your immediate family? Income decreased substantially.
During the last 12 months, have any of the following events occurred in your immediate family? Alcohol or drug problem.
During the last 12 months, have any of the following events occurred in your immediate family? Death of a close family friend.
During the last 12 months, have any of the following events occurred in your immediate family? Began new job.
During the last 12 months, have any of the following events occurred in your immediate family? Entered new school.
During the last 12 months, have any of the following events occurred in your immediate family? Trouble with superiors at work.
During the last 12 months, have any of the following events occurred in your immediate family? Lost job.
During the last 12 months, have any of the following events occurred in your immediate family? Legal problems.
During the last 12 months, have any of the following events occurred in your immediate family? Death of an immediate family member.