As far as I’m concerned, I don’t have any problems that need changing.
I think I might be ready for some self-improvement.
I am doing something about the problems that had been bothering me.
It might be worthwhile to work on my problem.
As far as I’m concerned, I don’t have any problems that need changing.
I am not the problem one. It does not make much sense for me to consider changing.
I am finally doing some work on my problem.
I have been thinking that I might want to change something about myself.
I have been successful in working on my problem, but I’m not sure I can keep up the effort on my own.
At times my problem is difficult, but I am working on it.
Trying to change is pretty much a waste of time for me because the problem doesn’t have to do with me.
I’m hoping that I will be able to understand myself better.
I guess I have faults, but there is nothing that I really need to change.
I am really working hard to change.
I have a problem, and I really think I should work on it.
I’m not following through with what I had already changed as well as I had hoped, and I want to prevent a relapse of the problem.
Even though I’m not always successful in changing, I am at least working on my problem.
I thought once I had resolved the problem I would be free of it, but sometimes I still find myself struggling with it.
I wish I had more ideas on how to solve my problems.
I have started working on my problem, but I would like help.
Maybe someone or something will be able to help me.
I may need a boost right now to help me maintain the changes I’ve already made.
I may be a part of the problem, but I don’t really think I am.
I hope that someone will have some good advice for me.
Anyone can talk about changing; I’m actually doing something about it.
All this talk about psychology is boring. Why can’t people just forget about their problems.
I’m struggling to improve myself from having a relapse of my problem.
It is frustrating, but I feel I might be having a recurrence of a problem I thought I solved.
I have worries, but so does the next guy.
I am actively working on my problem.
I would rather cope with my faults than try to change them.
After all I had done to try and change my problem every now and again it comes back to haunt me.