My friends are available if I need them.
I have some inner struggles that cause problems for me.
My health condition has restricted my activities.
I am so tense in certain situations that I have great difficulty getting by.
I have to do some things a certain way or I get nervous.
Much of the time I'm sad for no real reason.
Often I think and talk so quickly that other people cannot follow my train of thought.
Most of the people I know can be trusted.
Sometimes I cannot remember who I am.
I have some ideas that others think are strange.
I was usually well-behaved at school.
I've seen a lot of doctors over the years.
I'm a very sociable person.
My mood can shift quite suddenly.
Sometimes I feel guilty about how much I drink.
I'm a "take charge" type of person.
My attitude about myself changes a lot.
People would be surprised if I yelled at someone.
My relationships have been stormy.
At times I wish I were dead.
People are afraid of my temper.
Sometimes I use drugs to feel better.
I've tried just about every type of drug.
Sometimes I let little things bother me too much.
I often have trouble concentrating because I'm nervous.
I often fear I might slip up and say something wrong.
I feel that I've let everyone down.
I have many brilliant ideas.
Certain people go out of their way to bother me.
I just don't seem to relate to people very well.
I've borrowed money knowing I wouldn't pay it back.
Much of the time I don't feel well.
I often feel jittery.
I keep reliving something horrible that happened to me.
I hardly have any energy.
I can be very demanding when I want things done quickly.
People usually treat me pretty fairly.
My thinking has become confused.
I get a kick out of doing dangerous things.
My favorite poet is Raymond Kertezc.
I like being around my family.
I need to make some important changes in my life.
I've had illnesses that my doctors could not explain.
I can't do some things well because of nervousness.
I have impulses that I fight to keep under control.
I've forgotten what it's like to feel happy.
I take on so many commitments that I can't keep up.
I have to be alert to the possibility that people will be unfaithful.
I have visions in which I see myself forced to commit crimes.
Other people sometimes put thoughts into my head.
I've deliberately damaged someone's property.
My health problems are very complicated.
It's easy for me to make new friends.
My moods get quite intense.
I have trouble controlling my use of alcohol.
I'm a natural leader.
Sometimes I feel terribly empty inside.
I tell people off when they deserve it.
I want to let certain people know how much they've hurt me.
I've thought about ways to kill myself.
Sometimes my temper explodes and I completely lose control.
People have told me that I have a drug problem.
I never use drugs to help me cope with the world.
Sometimes I'll avoid someone I really don't like.
It's often hard for me to enjoy myself because I am worrying about things.
I have exaggerated fears.
Sometimes I think I'm worthless.
I have some very special talents that few others have.
Some people do things to make me look bad.
I don't have much to say to anyone.
I'll take advantage of others if they leave themselves open to it.
I suffer from a lot of pain.
I worry so much that at times I feel like I am going to faint.
Thoughts about my past often bother me while I'm thinking about something else.
I have no trouble falling asleep.
I get quite irritated if people try to keep me from accomplishing my goals.
I seem to have as much luck in life as others do.
My thoughts get scrambled sometimes.
I do a lot of wild things just for the thrill of it.
Sometimes I get ads in the mail that I don't really want.
If I'm having problems, I have people I can talk to.
I need to change some things about myself, even if it hurts.
I've had numbness in parts of my body that I can't explain.
Sometimes I am afraid for no reason.
It bothers me when things are out of place.
Everything seems like a big effort.
Recently I've had much more energy than usual.
Most people have good intentions.
Since the day I was born, I was destined to be unhappy.
Sometimes it seems that my thoughts are broadcast so that others can hear them.
I've done some things that weren't exactly legal.
It's a struggle for me to get things done with the medical problems I have.
I like to meet new people.
My mood is very steady.
There have been times when I've had to cut down on my drinking.
I would be good at a job where I tell others what to do.
I worry a lot about other people leaving me.
When I get mad at other drivers on the road, I let them know.
People once close to me have let me down.
I've made plans about how to kill myself.
Sometimes I'm very violent.
My drug use has caused me financial strain.
I've never had problems at work because of drugs.
I sometimes complain too much.
I'm often so worried and nervous that I can barely stand it.
I get very nervous when I have to do something in front of others.
I don't feel like trying anymore.
My plans will make me famous someday.
People around me are faithful to me.
I'm a loner.
I'll do most things if the price is right.
I am in good health.
Sometimes I feel dizzy when I've been under a lot of pressure.
I've been troubled by memories of a bad experience for a long time.
I rarely have trouble sleeping.
Sometimes I get upset because others don't understand my plans.
I've given a lot, but I haven't gotten much in return.
Sometimes I have trouble keeping different thoughts separate.
My behavior is pretty wild at times.
My favorite sports event on television is the high jump.
I spend most of my time alone.
I need some help to deal with important problems.
I've had episodes of double vision or blurred vision.
I'm not the kind of person who panics easily.
I can relax even if my home is a mess.
Nothing seems to give me much pleasure.
At times my thoughts move very quickly.
I usually assume people are telling the truth.
I think I have three or four completely different personalities inside of me.
Others can read my thoughts.
I used to lie a lot to get out of tight situations.
My medical problems always seem to be hard to treat.
I am a warm person.
I have little control over my anger.
My drinking seems to cause problems in my relationships with others.
I have trouble standing up for myself.
I often wonder what I should do with my life.
I'm not afraid to yell at someone to get my point across.
I rarely feel very lonely.
I've recently been thinking about suicide.
Sometimes I smash things when I'm upset.
I never use illegal drugs.
I sometimes do things so impulsively that I get into trouble.
Sometimes I'm too impatient.
My friends say I worry too much.
I'm not easily frightened.
I can't seem to concentrate very well.
I have accomplished some remarkable things.
Some people try to keep me from getting ahead.
I don't feel close to anyone.
I can talk my way out of just about anything.
I seldom have complaints about how I feel physically.
I can often feel my heart pounding.
I can't seem to get over something from my past.
I've been moving more slowly than usual.
I have great plans and it irritates me that people try to interfere.
People don't appreciate what I've done for them.
Sometimes it feels as if somebody is blocking my thoughts.
If I get tired of a place, I just pick up and leave.
Most people would rather win than lose.
Most people I'm close to are very supportive.
I'm curious why I behave the way I do.
There have been times when my eyesight got worse and then better again.
I am a very calm and relaxed person.
People say that I'm a perfectionist.
I've lost interest in things I used to enjoy.
My friends can't keep up with my social activities.
People generally hide their real motives.
People don't understand how much I suffer.
I've heard voices that no one else could hear.
I like to see how much I can get away with.
I've had only the usual health problems that most people have.
It takes me a while to warm up to people.
I've always been a pretty happy person.
Drinking helps me get along in social situations.
I feel best in situations where I am the leader.
I can't handle separation from those close to me very well.
I always avoid arguments if I can.
I've made some real mistakes in the people I've picked as friends.
I have thought about suicide for a long time.
I've threatened to hurt people.
I've used prescription drugs to get high.
When I'm upset, I typically do something to hurt myself.
I don't take criticism very well.
I don't worry about things any more than most people.
I don't mind driving on freeways.
No matter what I do, nothing works.
I think I have the answers to some very important questions.
There are people who want to hurt me.
I enjoy the company of other people.
I don't like being tied to one person.
I have a bad back.
It's easy for me to relax.
I have had some horrible experiences that make me feel guilty.
I often wake up very early in the morning and can't get back to sleep.
It bothers me when other people are too slow to understand my ideas.
Usually I've gotten credit for what I've done.
My thoughts tend to quickly shift around to different things.
The idea of "settling down" has never appealed to me.
My favorite hobbies are archery and stamp-collecting.
People I know care about me.
I'm comfortable with myself the way I am.
I've had episodes when I've lost the feeling in my hands.
I often feel as if something terrible is about to happen.
I'm usually aware of objects that have a lot of germs.
I have no interest in life.
I feel like I need to keep active and not rest.
People think I'm too suspicious.
Every once in a while I totally lose my memory.
There are people who try to control my thoughts.
I was never expelled or suspended from school when I was young.
I've had some unusual diseases and illnesses.
It takes a while for people to get to know me.
I've had times when I was so mad I couldn't do enough to express all my anger.
Some people around me think I drink too much alcohol.
I prefer to let others make decisions.
I don't get bored very easily.
I don't like raising my voice.
Once someone is my friend, we stay friends.
Death would be a relief.
I've never started a physical fight as an adult.
My drug use is out of control.
I'm too impulsive for my own good.
Sometimes I put things off until the last minute.
I don't worry about things that I can't control.
I don't mind heights.
I think good things will happen to me in the future.
I think I would be a good comedian.
People seldom treat me badly on purpose.
I like to be around other people if I can.
I don't like to stay in a relationship very long.
I have a weak stomach.
When I'm under a lot of pressure, I sometimes have trouble breathing.
I keep having nightmares about my past.
I have a good appetite.
I have no patience with people who try to hold me back.
People who are successful generally earned their success.
Sometimes I wonder if my thoughts are being taken away.
I like to drive fast.
I don't like to have to buy things that are overpriced.
In my family, we argue more than we talk.
Many of my problems are my own doing.
I've had times when my legs became so weak that I couldn't walk.
I seldom feel anxious or tense.
People see me as a person who pays a lot of attention to detail.
Lately I've been happy much of the time.
Recently I have needed less sleep than usual.
Things are rarely as they seem on the surface.
Sometimes my vision is only in black and white.
I have a sixth sense that tells me what is going to happen.
I've never been in trouble with the law.
For my age, my health is pretty good.
I try to include people who seem left out.
Sometimes I have an alcoholic drink first thing in the morning.
My drinking has caused me problems at home.
I say what's on my mind.
I usually do what other people tell me to do.
I have a bad temper.
It takes a lot to make me angry.
I've thought about what I would say in a suicide note.
I can't think of reasons to go on living.
I've had health problems because of my drug use.
I spend money too easily.
I sometimes make promises I can't keep.
I usually worry about things more than I should.
I will not ride in airplanes.
I have something worthwhile to contribute.
Lately I feel so confident that I think I can accomplish anything.
People have had it in for me.
I make friends easily.
I look after myself first; let others take care of themselves.
I get more headaches than most people.
I get sweaty hands often.
Since I had a very bad experience, I am no longer interested in some things that I used to enjoy.
I often wake up in the middle of the night.
At times I am very touchy and easily annoyed.
I'm not the type of person to hold a grudge.
Thoughts in my head suddenly disappear.
I'm not a person who turns down a dare.
Most people look forward to a trip to the dentist.
I spend little time with my family.
I can solve my problems by myself.
At times parts of my body have been paralyzed.
I am easily startled.
I keep myself under tight control.
I'm almost always a happy and positive person.
I hardly ever buy things on impulse.
People have to earn my trust.
I don't have any good memories from my childhood.
I don't believe that there are people who can read minds.
I've never taken money or property that wasn't mine.
I like to talk with people about their medical problems.
I'm an affectionate person.
I never drive when I've been drinking.
I hardly ever drink alcohol.
People listen to my opinions.
If I get poor service from a business, I let the manager know about it.
My temper never gets me into trouble.
My anger never gets out of control.
I've thought about how others would react if I killed myself.
I have a lot to live for.
My best friends are those I use drugs with.
I'm a reckless person.
There have been times when I could have been more thoughtful than I was.
Sometimes I get so nervous that I'm afraid I'm going to die.
I don't mind traveling in a bus or train.
I'm pretty successful at what I do.
I could never imagine myself being famous.
I'm the target of a conspiracy.
I keep in touch with my friends.
When I make a promise, I really don't need to keep it.
I frequently have diarrhea.
I have very steady hands.
I avoid certain things that bring back bad memories.
I have little interest in sex.
I have little patience with those who disagree with my plans.
Being helpful to other people pays off in the end.
I can concentrate now as well as I ever could.
I never take risks if I can avoid it.
In my free time I might read, watch TV, or just relax.
I have a lot of money problems.
My life is very unpredictable.
There have been many changes in my life recently.
There isn't much stability at home.
Things are not going well in my family.
I'm happy with my job situation.
I worry about having enough money to get by.
My relationship with my spouse or partner is not going well.
I have severe psychological problems that began very suddenly.
I'm a sympathetic person.
Close relationships are important to me.
I'm very impatient with people.
I have more friends than most people I know.
My drinking has never gotten me into trouble.
My drinking has caused problems with my work.
I don't like letting people know when I disagree with them.
I'm a very independent person.
When I get mad, it's hard for me to calm down.
People think I'm aggressive.
I'm considering suicide.
Things have never been so bad that I thought about suicide.
My drug use has never caused problems with my family or friends.
I'm careful about how I spend my money.
I rarely get in a bad mood.
